feat: NR1 deprecation guide (#1966)
newrelic/developer-website: src/markdown-pages/build-apps/nr1-deprecations.mdx

---
title: 'Manage New Relic One SDK deprecations'
template: 'GuideTemplate'
description: 'Learn how to manage New Relic One SDK deprecations'
---

> We at New Relic frequently update the New Relic One SDK. These updates include new features, improvements to existing features, and the deprecation, or removal, of existing features. When we remove a feature, you, as a developer of New Relic One Nerdpacks, need to know because if you don't update your code, it will eventually stop working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At New Relic we are frequently updating the New Relic One SDK. These updates include new features, improvements to existing features, and the deprecation, or removal, of existing features. When we improve or remove a feature, you, as a developer of New Relic One Nerdpacks, need to be aware of these changes because if you don't update your code, your Nerdpack may eventually stop working.
```

Reviewer: Just made a few suggestions.

> We at New Relic frequently update the New Relic One SDK. These updates include new features, improvements to existing features, and the deprecation, or removal, of existing features. When we remove a feature, you, as a developer of New Relic One Nerdpacks, need to know because if you don't update your code, it will eventually stop working.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At New Relic, we frequently update the New Relic One SDK. These updates include new features, improvements to existing features, and the deprecation, or removal, of old features. When we improve, or remove a feature, you, as a developer of New Relic One Nerdpacks, need to be aware of these changes because if you don't update your code, it may eventually stop working.
```

In this guide, you learn:

> - How to know if an when you'll be affected by deprecations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- How to know if, and when you'll be affected by deprecations
```

</Step>

<Step>

Update your code:

<>

```js lineHighlight=3
return <NrqlQuery
	pollInterval={NrqlQuery.AUTO_POLL_INTERVAL}
	accountIds={[12345678]}
	query="SELECT count(*) FROM Transaction TIMESERIES"
>
	{({ data }) => {
	return <LineChart data={data} />;
	}}
</NrqlQuery>;
```

</>

In this example, the `accountId` property for `NrqlQuery` is changing to `accountIds`. For your actual Nerdpack, the deprecation message will tell you what you need to change.

While still serving your application, your Nerdpack updates automatically in the browser when you save your file.

</Step>

<Step>

Check your console again:

![No deprecation message](../../images/build-an-app/no-deprecation-msg.png)

When you fix your code, your console no longer logs a deprecation message.

</Step>

<Step>

Commit your code and push it to your remote repository:

<>

```bash
git commit -am "fix: deprecated code"
git push origin
```

</>

</Step>

<Step>

[Publish your updated Nerdpack](/build-apps/publish-deploy/publish/) to the New Relic One catalog.

</Step>

</Steps>

We strive to write clear messages so you know when and how you need to change your code to address deprecated features.

> However, it may still be valuable for you to reach out to our community channels if you need further assistance.

Reviewer: Maybe we can make a call out that ask users to let us know if the error messages aren't clear by posting in the github discussions linked below.
